(ASM) Include new API security features in documentation and update screenshot (#24979)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/api-inventory/_index.md

[API Security Inventory][7] monitors your API traffic to provide visibility into the security posture of your APIs, including:

> - **Authentication**: Wherther the API enforces authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Authentication**: Whether the API enforces authentication.
```

- **Authentication Method**: Type of authentication used, such as Basic Auth and API key.
- **Public Exposure**: Whether the API is processing traffic from the internet.
- **Sensitive data flows**: Sensitive data handled by the API and flows between APIs.
- **Attack Exposure**: If the endpoint is targeted by attacks (powered by [Application Threat Management][2]).

> - **Business Logic**: Business logic associated and business logic suggestions for this API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Business Logic**: Business logic and suggestions for improvement associated with this API.
```

Author: I don't think this suggestion matches my intent. But I guess that also shows that my initial sentence wasn't good enough

Reviewer: Ok :) It is a little confusing! How about "Business logic and associated business logic suggestions for this API." ?

Author: Sure ! I think we need to add some Business Logic documentation page, as it seems it is missing. Should our team add it by ourselves, or is there some other process to follow?

Reviewer: Thanks! Answered in slack

- **Vulnerabilities**: If the endpoint contains a vulnerability (powered by [Code Security][8] and [Software Composition Analysis][3]).
- **Findings**: Security findings found on this API.

> - **Dependencies**: APIs and Databases the API depends on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dependencies**: APIs and Databases the API depends on.
```

Using the API Security Inventory you can:

> - See at a glance which endpoints process sensitive data, are authenticated, have vulnerabilities or findings or are in publically available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See at a glance which endpoints process sensitive data, are authenticated, have vulnerabilities or findings, or are publicly available.
```

- See which endpoints are at risk, and pivot directly into the [Threat Monitoring and Protection][2] service for further investigation or response.

> - See which endpoints are associated to your business's logic, and find business logic suggestions based on your endpoint's traffic history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See which endpoints are associated to your business's logic, and find business logic suggestions based on your endpoint's traffic history.
```

## How it works

API Inventory leverages the Datadog tracing library with ASM enabled to gather security metadata about API traffic, including the API schema, types of sensitive data processed, and the authentication scheme. API information is evaluated per endpoint, every 30 seconds, which should ensure minimal performance impact.

API Inventory Security uses [Remote Configuration][4] to manage and configure scanning rules that detect sensitive data and authentication.

The following risks are calculated for each endpoint:

### Service under attack

> This risk is detected for API endpoints that have experienced [attacks][2] within the last day. You can find this week's security of the endpoint in the endpoint's side panel.

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand the second part of the sentence.
For the first one. This risk is actually detection for API endpoints that have received traffic within the last day. It's not linked to attacks anymore

Author: ah, you mean service under attack is not linked to attack attempts any more?

Author: I removed the second line and changed the first

| US vehicle identification numbers                 | `pii`            | `vin`             |
| Passport numbers                                  | `pii`            | `passport_number` |
| E-mail addresses                                  | `pii`            | `email`           |
| American Express card number                      | `payment`        | `card`            |
| Diners Club card number                           | `payment`        | `card`            |
| JCB card number                                   | `payment`        | `card`            |
| Maestro card number                               | `payment`        | `card`            |
| Mastercard card number                            | `payment`        | `card`            |
| VISA card number                                  | `payment`        | `card`            |
| IBAN bank account number                          | `payment`        | `iban`            |

### Business logic

These tags are determined by the presence of business logic traces, associated to the endpoint.

> #### Suggested Business Logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Suggested business logic
```

> #### Recommended Business Logic

Reviewer 2: In the UI we use the term Suggested Business Logic

```suggestion
#### Suggested Business Logic
```

See [Configuring a client IP header][6] for more information on the required library configuration.

> ### Endpoint Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Endpoint authentication
```

Authentication is determined by:

- The presence of `Authorization`, `Token` or `X-Api-Key` headers.
- The presence of a user ID within the trace (for example, the `@usr.id` APM attribute).
- The request has responded with a 401 or 403 status code.

> Datadog reports the type of authentication when available in a header through the Authentication Method facet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog reports the type of authentication when available in a header through the Authentication Method facet.
```

#### Supported authentication methods

| Category                                          | Category facet   |
|---------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| JSON Web Token (JWT)                              | `json_web_token` |
| Bearer tokens (found in `Authorization` headers)  | `bearer_token`   |
| Basic Authentication                              | `basic_auth`     |
| Digest access authentication                      | `digest_auth`    |

### Vulnerabilities count

> Counts the [Code Security][8] vulnerabilities on the endpoint plus the [Software Composition Analysis][3] vulnerabilites of its service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Counts the [Code Security][8] vulnerabilities on the endpoint , in addition to the [Software Composition Analysis][3] vulnerabilities of its service.
```

> This risk is determined by [Code Security][8] for the endpoint and by [Software Composition Analysis][3] for the service it.

Reviewer 2: We miss a part in the sentence no? What do you mean by `by [Software Composition Analysis][3] for the service it.`

Author: I reworded
